Shiori, Magical Girl [ New Hero Idea ] -Support/Mage-

Passive. (Pururi)
Pururi is a magical creature that enable Shiori to use magic and transform into magical being.
When transformed, Shiori and Pururi will combined to become one. While in normal form, Pururi will act
as Shiori's supporter by providing shield and mana for Shiori. Every few seconds, Pururi's
enery bar will be charged. If the bar is full, Pururi will provides 20% mana of total mana pool
for every 20 seconds. Everytime Shiori received damage, the damage will be reduced by
20% at cost of 20 pts of Pururi's energy (no damage reduced if energy depleted).

Skill 1. (They are my Friends) -Normal-
Shiori is able to heal her friends. When activated, the nearest ally hero will get marked.
Hitting the skill button again will mark more allies (the marks are only limited to 3 heroes). After
3 seconds, those marked allies will be healed by XXX pts. (Use the alternative button to
cast the heal immediately).

Skill 2. (Don't hurt them) -Normal-
Shiori cast a magical wave within certain range in front of her, dealing small damage and slowing targets while
healing allies. The wave will heals touched allies by 20% of total damages dealt to targets.

Skill 3. (Magical Form)
Shiori become one with Pururi and transform into Magical Being. When the skill is activated, nearby
enemies will be damaged by XXX pts and stunned for 0.8s (extra damage dealt according to Pururi's
current energy bar). While in Magical Form, Shiori will get new abilities that won't cost any mana
and having her movement speed increased by 20. However, she won't regen any mana and her mana will 
decrease over seconds (essentially act as a timer). After mana depleted, Shiori will return to her Human form. 
[note :Pururi's bar will also stay on zero in Magical Form]

Skill 1. (Magical Hit) -Magical Form-
When activated, the nearest enemy hero will get marked. Hitting the skill button again will mark 
more enemies (marks are limited to 3 heroes). After 3 seconds, those marked enemies will be damaged 
by XXX pts. (Use the alternative button to cast the effect immediately).

Skill 2. (Magical Spiral) -Magical Form-
Summon 2 magical blades that spin around Shiori for 3 seconds, enemies that hitted with the skill
will be damaged by XXX pts. Within 3 seconds while the skill is still active, Shiori is able to
target a small area and command the blades to fly to the targeted area, damaging and slowing enemies.

Skill 3. (Human Form)
Shiori separate herself with Pururi and become a human being, slowing nearby enemies by 60% and 
immediately filling Pururi's energy bar by 50pts while increasing Shiori's mana regen by 100% for 2s. 
[ Full Bar = 100pts ]

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shiori, Magical Girl [ New Hero Idea ] -Marksmen/Mage-

Passive. (Pururi)
Pururi is a magical creature that enable Shiori to use magic and transform into magical being.
When transform, Shiori and Pururi will become one. While in normal form, Pururi will act
as Shiori's supporter by providing utilities for Shiori. Every few seconds, Pururi's
enery bar will be charges. If the bar is full, Pururi will provides 10% attack speed for Shiori.
Everytime Shiori received damage, the damage will be reduced by
20% at cost of 20 pts of Pururi's energy (no damage reduced if energy depleted).

Skill 1. (Magical Bullets) -Normal-
When activated, the nearest enemy hero will get marked. Hitting the skill button again will mark 
more enemies (marks are limited to 3 heroes). After 2 seconds, those marked enemies will be damaged 
by XXX pts and slowed by 30%. Every targets will costs more mana but decreases this ability cooldown
by 10% times total targets.

Skill 2. (Go! Pururi) -Normal-
Command Pururi to fly over the targeted area. Pururi will deal 50pts damages to enemies within the area
(extra damage dealt according to Pururi's current energy bar). If Pururi had enough energy, Shiori
will be able to teleport to Pururi's location at cost of 30pts energy. Pururi will return to Shiori
after 3s.

Skill 3. [ Same with Above ]


Common Combo as Marksmen = Skill 1 + Skill 2 + Skill 3 + Skill 2.

by : KiZaYa
editted by : PcGoDz
